hello everyone and welcome to a new vlog
it is one week until exams the countdown
is on I'm feeling ok you know I think
it's all going to be fine I'm just about
to go and grab some lunch because I am
so hungry
I've just done a live stream study
session and I swear my tummy was
rumbling the whole way through I need to
go refuel and then get back to work this
afternoon I have one super vision which
is for my Astrophysical fluid dynamics
module my supervision partner and I have
both completed some passed paper
questions and the plan is to work
through those with the supervisor and
he's gonna give us feedback on where we
went wrong
or he's actually emailed us all marked
work back which is really kind of him
and he's written up model solutions what
a legend I think early this afternoon I
might look at what he sent so I have a
bit of an idea of the questions I need
to ask him in the supervision because it
is my last ever super vision for fluids
[Music]
okay so my fluid supervision is gonna
start in one minute so I'm about to
click on the link which my supervisor
has sent me we're using gypsy today
because my supervisor doesn't like zoom
I've got lots of screens up it might
seem excessive but I'm quite glad I've
kept hold of my old laptop because when
I've got past paper solutions to get off
at the same time as forming the book
clips at the same time as a video cool
yeah and it's 4:30 so I am about to get
on the call hello
yeah I'm good thank you how are you no I
can't hear you sorry which one are we
looking at I'm not oh I'm not trying to
get the right question okay yeah how'd
you know the value of an to tape it was
like a small thing on the first part
where you had to sketch the streamlines
qualitatively discuss whether
exponentially dampened solutions exist
and if so they're physical meaning well
thank you very much it's really helpful
great bye bye my laptop fan was going
mad in that I'm gonna take a break
bit of a rush this morning I've got a
super vision starting in two minutes
it's again going through passed paper
questions this time for cosmology I've
done less revision on cosmology because
I kind of gave up with this module this
year it's literally without a doubt most
interesting module
I just didn't keep up with the lectures
I'm now on getting up on it eleven
o'clock quick note oh I've still got it
on I bet on the other day oh really
thank you bye when I go on to that
supervision cool I didn't realize I
don't know how I didn't realize by this
point cuz i've been using zooms are
quite a while but the background that
you used in your last
Zuko stays on for the text sooo cool so
I join him to the scene and I had Jesus
College as my background my supervisor
was probably like oh god she's really
missing came for its 5:00 put Jesus
College is my background when I was
alone zoom cool to my friends the other
day is a joke we did laughs and he said
they'd been a few other people who'd
seen get caught out by it and the grand
scheme of things there could be much
more embarrassing background than Jesus
College so it's all right the questions
for testicle physics are really hard one
of the questions says state the ergodic
hypothesis I have never heard of the
ergodic hypothesis before it might be
something in the course but literally at
no point in the course did the lecturer
call it the ergodic hypothesis I'm
probably gonna get comments down below
telling me what it is now and you know
they're welcomed but it'll be too late
by the time this video goes out won't it
because my exams will be over and yeah
oh my god and I've got another annoyance
another question another question is
written down some mathematical statement
with P's and ends and E's and eyes and
deltas and it doesn't define any of the
symbols
what are these variables tell me what
they are because you haven't defines
them anywhere you've literally just
written down a load of letters it's not
something you don't define what the
letters mean so that was just a badly
written exam question really isn't it am
I supposed to be a mind reader know
exactly what the examiner meant
anyway that's enough of a rant I'm gonna
go get some coffee and get back to it
it's all not now Lydia has got some new
clothes right they are a bit long I'm
not all that perfect for this time of
year do you know I mean I wouldn't wear
them on a summer day out black heels are
makeup done and you'd look quite
sophisticated businesswomen like so I've
just been doing more of my staff these
questions this evening
I haven't finished that maybe I'm just
saying myself too much work I don't know
I I'm just terrified that I'm gonna get
into the exam and a load of questions
are gonna come up that I have no idea
how to answer and I'm gonna fail but to
be fair I'm terrified of that every exam
season but at the end of the day it's
just how I do compared to other people
on my course so as long as my mark is in
line with other people on my course I
won't fail throughout my time at
Cambridge I've always felt that I've
been behind everyone else I don't have a
lot of confidence in myself when it
comes to my academic abilities I'm not
gonna overthink it just by doing my best
no one can say I'm not putting the work
in because I am see you in the morning
guys so I've just had my zoom meeting
with the people from the IOA
the senior examiner basically walked us
through how it's all going to work all
the admin side of things
apparently the Vipers were having are
half an hour long and there is not one
examiner not two examiners but it's
three examiner's it's so intimidating
it's gonna be me and three examiner's
who are all top people in the
astrophysics field grilling me for half
an hour
what I've said is it's gonna be
discussing mostly contextual things and
just kind of checking if we have any
astrophysics
wisdom but you know hopefully I do by
this point but who can really be sure
yeah I'm just waiting for the soup to
cool and I'm having a bit of a lunch
break I've just got my laptop behind the
camera I might go on virtual Jesus for a
bit
virtual Jesus is the website that
College have set up anyone in the
college community can submit stuff to go
on the website it's a way for us all to
still feel connected even though we're
all at home hello everyone so I'm just
about to start live streaming today I've
actually got through the statistical
Phoenix questions quicker than I thought
I would which is at first most of the
time at the minute I'm doing questions
way slower than planned so this is a
welcome change and that means I can move
on to some questions on observational
topics in astrophysics right I'm gonna
get going on my live stream so I'm not
like I need some more work done but I'm
just building myself back up to it I got
to that state earlier this afternoon
where every single question I attempted
I hit a block with I'm a bit worried
about the birds outside because I have
stopped tweeting at the moment but
earlier they just wouldn't stop they
were so loud and so shrill where the
birds are is right above my window which
is why they are so loud they have a nest
up there I think and I think some baby
birds have been born so I'm kind of
worried about that because if I'm
sitting my exams in this room I do not
want that going on all day one of my
course mates has just posted on our
Facebook group just out of curiosity is
anybody else
simultaneously breaking it whilst being
very chill and I think that is a very
accurate description of how I'm feeling
right now it's good to know that other
people are feeling the same as me hello
vlog I have done my last live study
session of this exam season and I've
bought a couple of supervisions that I
need to get ready for the first one
starts in 10 minutes my mom has been
baking the oven is on
this household gets through a lot of
vanilla buns they are a very good snack
how many vanilla bollocks you think have
been made throughout look down so far in
this household
about 200 like vanilla buns production
is a big thing in this household but
recently my mom and my sister have both
announced that they're going on a diet
and I'm just like well who are you
baking the vanilla buns for apparently
they're all for me and to keep me going
with exams do you know what I do love a
good vanilla bun no good if I end up
eating all these vanilla buns myself and
with the lack of it besides I'm getting
as well so I'm revising it's not gonna
do my waistline any good I'll be honest
to be fair the healthy lifestyle is
gonna start when it glands are over you
know and you can only concentrate or so
many things at once and I cannot
concentrate on getting good grades and
keeping up a healthy lifestyle at the
same time I am eating fruit and veg I
have yeah my only snacking between meals
is probably like a vanilla bean oh it
smells good right um supervision time
all right so I'm just about to have my
statistical physics revision soup oh I
was getting weird values for eigenvalues
and yeah okay yeah I got that too I
ended up with a really low expression is
it supposed to be long okay okay the
system in equilibrium with a heat bath
the number of systems multiplied by the
entropy equal to KB log Omega so the
surface area of the sphere is it's not
SD minus one but it's SD minus 1 times K
to the power D minus 1 right
does that not have that a knock-on
effect though throughout the rest of the
question Oh
although is such a mess and suppose I
swear I'm just realizing that these
staff fears questions or they're really
quite mathematical which I suppose I
should expect because this modules run
by the math department but it's annoying
I'd rather they won't quite say
mathematical like you can have a perfect
understanding of what's going on
physically but if you can't do the maths
you're not gonna get any marks you have
to just be able to turn things out and
turn the handles on a ton of maths
approximations and sorry for the abrupt
ending but I've got so much footage from
this week that it will be continued in
my next vlog please do like subscribe
follow my Instagram and follow my new
tik-tok I can't promise quality content
over there but I'm having fun with it
thanks for watching guys bye bye
[Music]